So as I mentioned, there's a lot in
the ecosystem out there waiting for you.
Going past view, when you start looking at
things like server side rendering or you
want a sort of, a higher meta framework
that provides more built-in things,
highly recommend checking out Nuxt 3 that
should be coming close to stable soon.
But we have a Nux three Foundation
workshop that actually gave recently.
So if you check that out, that will
also walk you through how Nuxt 3 works.
And with the new Vue 3 knowledge, you'll
be able to pair those things pretty well.
In addition, whether it's
TypeScript as well, TypeScript,
be sure to check those things
out because with Vue 3,
TypeScript is much easier especially for
those using composition API.
And so other than that I would say,
I think that about wraps
it up from my end.
So a big thanks to everyone team here from
frontendmasters for hosting this, but for
for those online,
if you have any questions,
I'm online in the community
under the moniker bencodezen.
So there's my info there, so if you ever
wanna reach out or have any questions,
don't hesitate to do so.
Thanks.
>> [APPLAUSE]